2 Acronyms and abbreviations
Abbreviation / Description:
Acronym:
CDD Complex Device Driver
CSM Crypto Service Manager
CRYIF Crypto Interface
CRYPTO Crypto Driver
DET Default Error Tracer
HSM Hardware Security Module
HW Hardware
SHE Security Hardware Extension
SW Software
2.1 Glossary of Terms
Terms: Description:
Crypto Driver
A Crypto Driver implements one or more Crypto Driver Objects.
Object The Crypto Driver Object can offer different crypto primitives in
hardware or software. The Crypto Driver Objects of one Crypto
Driver are independent of each other.
There is only one workspace for each Crypto Driver Object (i.e.
only one crypto primitive can be performed at the same time)
The only exception of independency between Crypto Driver Object
is the usage of a default Random Number Generator (see
[SWS_Crypto_00225]).
Key
A Key can be referenced by a job in the Csm.
In the Crypto Driver, the key references a specific key type.
Key Type
A key type consists of references to key elements.
The key types are typically pre-configured by the vendor of the
Crypto Driver.
Key Element
Key elements are used to store data. This data can be e.g. key
material or the IV needed for AES encryption.
It can also be used to configure the behaviour of the key
management functions.
Key elements from different keys have different memory area (both
NV and RAM area).
Channel
A channel is the path from a Crypto Service Manager queue via the
Crypto Interface to a specific Crypto Driver Object.
Job
A 'Job' is a configured 'CsmJob'. Among others, it refers to a key, a
cryptographic primitive and a reference channel.
Crypto Primitive
'Primitive' is an instance of a configured cryptographic algorithm
realized in a Crypto Driver Object. Among others it refers to a
functionality provided by the CSM to the application, the concrete
underlining 'algorithmfamily' (e.g. AES, MD5, RSA, ...), and a
'algorithmmode' (e.g. ECB, CBC, ...).
Operation
An operation of a crypto primitive declares what part of the crypto
primitive shall be performed. There are three different operation
modes:
START Operation mode indicates a new request of a crypto
primitive, and it shall cancel all previous requests of the
same job and primitive.
UPDATE Operation mode indicates, that the crypto primitive
expects input data.
FINISH Operation mode indicates, that after this part all data
are fed completely and the crypto primitive can finalize
the calculations.
It is also possible to perform more than one operation at once by
concatenating the corresponding bits of the operation mode
argument.
Priority
The priority of a job defines the importance of it. The higher the
priority (as well in value), the more immediate the job will be
executed. The priority of a cryptographic job is part of the
configuration.
Service
A 'Service' shall be understood as defined in the TR_Glossary
document: A service is a type of operation that has a published
specification of interface and behavior, involving a contract between
the provider of the capability and the potential clients.